Lao Wang, you are Lord Long Shuai, right?
The entry ceremony has been held
Lord Long Shuai is not lying to others, but to himself first
If even you don't believe that Long Shuai is dead
Then how can you deceive those rebel remnants?
I hide my identity and come back
One is the responsibility of General Gao
Protect Gao Xiaojun
The second is to come back in person to clean up the rebel remnants
So you get it.
I was really too much just now
But I hope you can understand.
I will personally explain this marriage to the Admiral
Madam, I know you mean well
But I'm sorry.
I do have other plans
How offensive what happened before
Lord Long Shuai
If you have any plans in the future
I sue Xiaoyun
I'll do it for you.
It's not for you to do things
It's just that I have to go back to the underground city to report my order.
This coming year.
I will send Miss Qin
To keep you and the old lady safe
After all, my sister and I were childhood sweethearts
Since he is interested in me
I can't let him down
Thank you Long Shuai for your sympathy.
Thank you Mr. Long Shuai for coming
Don't take it lightly in the future
Once you are smart, thieves are easy to move
Notify me as soon as possible
Yes, it's alright. Is it alright?
So I'm off.